Madam, thank you for your hard work.
Nutritious bird's nest soup specially made for you
Mend your body well
Thank you husband
Oh, dear.
The neighborhood industry is getting bigger and bigger
Mother-in-law is getting more and more complicated
This lady is really useless
Why does the lady have to work so hard on herself?
It is better to find a reliable person as soon as possible
Be a handshake shopkeeper
Wouldn't it be nice?
Evergreen
Three days later, the elders' meeting of the Lin consortium will be held
How about I pass this position of head to you?
Madame overestimates me
What am I capable of?
Why not?
Husband, what woman is there in this world?
I don't want a man
Go and shelter yourself from the wind and rain?
Madam seriously
Can I lie to you?
Ah, not deceived
It's just that I think
I can't see through the lady more and more recently
Husband, where is this fate?